this video is about sex
comparing iphone 5 and ipod touch fifth
generations what is here on the left lies
iphone 5
here ipod touch 5 and give nothing
untie let's start where told
why design and now you can
watch the back of the iphone 5 and ipod
touch 5th generation iphone
on the left ipod on the bottom right they have a principle
nothing different only iphone 5 2
speaker and microphone 2 means code
a little bit thinner due to the fact that i am
there is no radio module it is very
Capacitive lot takes place ipod
touch 5th generation it has a thickness of 6.1
millimeters in iphone 5 is a bit thicker
the book says above here as always
home button
here we are here only
the camera here is camera and conversational
speaker ie speaker but here not
it is necessary because it does not talk
on top of them there are differences here we have
5 megapixel camera isight for
sound recording microphone and flash
here is a slot for Wi-Fi antennas
here are an amazing element
metal clip for which
open state can be fixed
complete cord
here we see a 8 megapixel camera
there is again a recording microphone
sound
here there is a flash here an apple here
here here over the whole ipod background and here
already this metal
there is no element so it doesn't matter to hand
cling Else
at the fifth iphone
the morning component is the nuclear spirit
apple a6 processor
which means it is 13 hertz
ipod touch fifth generation processor
apple a5 which has a frequency of 800
megahertz but in principle
out optimization and thunder and ok yourself
leads he slows down never behaves
report give try on both devices
turn on the game subway surfer here it is necessary
for bumps
everything is loaded here only only
go
In general, I play the same way on
all devices well, remember a little bit
iphone 5 5 here is this game csr racing
but on both devices it goes smoothly
and with the withdrawal is not enough well finally
last game you wanted
show this tempura 2
he is ready to think a lot
it's so gone
in general, on both devices it goes
smoothly and hang it but it does not have
that our version ends me the most
goodbye see you